Feature/m0018 pqt 144 run test suite (#87)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/testsuite.rst

Consult the Application Launch Options Appendix of the Device
Developer's Guide to get the list of available options properties.

.. _testsuite_report:

Testuite Report
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Once a testsuite is completed, a testsuite report is generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a testsuite is completed, the following  testsuite reports are generated:
```

Author: fixed.

> - in HTML format in module project location ``target~/test/html/test/junit-noframes.html``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HTML report in module project location ``target~/test/html/test/junit-noframes.html``.
```

>   At the beginning of the file a summary is displayed, then all
>   execution traces for each test executed are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report contains a summary and the execution trace of every executed test.
```

Author: fixed.

  .. figure:: images/testuiteReportHTMLExample.png
     :alt: Example of MicroEJ Testsuite HTML Report
     
     Example of MicroEJ Testsuite HTML Report

> - in JUnit XML format, in module project location ``target~/test/xml/TEST-test-report.xml``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JUnit XML report in module project location ``target~/test/xml/TEST-test-report.xml``.
```

Author: fixed.  I also reused the same wording above for JUnit HTML report.

  .. figure:: images/testuiteReportXMLExample.png
     :alt: Example of MicroEJ Testsuite XML Report
     
     Example of MicroEJ Testsuite XML Report
  

>   XML report file can also be open in the JUnit View. Right-click on the file > :guilabel:`Open With` >  :guilabel:`JUnit View`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  XML report file can also be opened in the JUnit View. Right-click on the file > :guilabel:`Open With` >  :guilabel:`JUnit View`:
```

>   .. figure:: images/testuiteReportXMLExampleJUnitView.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. figure:: images/testuiteReportXMLExampleJunitView.png
```

     :alt: Example of MicroEJ Testsuite XML Report in JUnit View
     
     Example of MicroEJ Testsuite XML Report in JUnit View

If executed on device, the Firmware binary produced for each test

> is available in module project location ``target~/test/xml/<TIMESTAMP>/bin/<FULLY-QUALIFIED-CLASSNAME>/application.out``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is available in the module project location ``target~/test/xml/<TIMESTAMP>/bin/<FULLY-QUALIFIED-CLASSNAME>/application.out``.
```
